Snippets VS Code Extension (#722)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: vscode-extensions/snippets/README.md

# Element Framework Snippets

![Element Framework](vscode-extensions/snippets/images/logo.png)

Element Framework Snippets for VS Code

![Element Framework Snippets](vscode-extensions/snippets/images/preview.gif)

## Features

You can use these snippets in 3 steps

> - Trigger Suggest (`Ctrl+Space` or `Ctrl+i` on macOS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Trigger suggestion(`Ctrl+Space` or `Ctrl+i` on macOS).
```

Author: It already correctly (noun + verb)

Reviewer 2: `Cmd + i` instead of `Ctrl + i`?

- See snippet description (`Arrow Up` or `Arrow Down`)

> - Select and Navigate to the snippets inputs (`Tab`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select and navigate the snippet inputs (`Tab`)
```

Author: I want to make it bolder

Reviewer: ok

## Documentation

> To get more information about Refinitiv-UI and the getting started and usage guide are available from this [documentation](https://ui.refinitiv.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Refinitiv-UI, you can find the getting started and usage guide from this [documentation](https://ui.refinitiv.com).
```

Author: Updated

## Contribute

> We greatly welcome contributions. You can help make the snippets better by improving snippets, documentation, samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We greatly welcome contributions. You can help to make the snippets better by improving snippets, documentation, samples. See [contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

Author: Updated

## For more information

- [Refinitiv UI - Documentation](https://ui.refinitiv.com/)
- [Refinitiv UI - GitHub](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui)

> **Enjoy!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Happy coding!**
```

Author: Updated

> # Element Framework 7 Snippets

Reviewer 3: The copy in this file is a bit wonky

Author: This file will be used as a landing page in the VS Code. Do you have any ideas to improve?
